Server Informations




Reboot and server status


The server does a reboot every day between 4h30 and 5h of the morning (GMT+1), to do some planned tasks.

If the server appears on that list, so it is actually on-line => "server.minetest.net" (you can also visit the "status of the server" for more precise informations)



Default privileges


home, sethome, spawn

The shout and the interact privileges are given to you with an authomatised system. To get them, you'll need to read the signs of the beggining zone. Those will learn you the way used mods work, but also tips and the server rules.

Some other privileges can be given, but only to players who want to help the community and who proved their value.



Skins / Default Appearance of your player


You have acces to the greatest skin repository of Minetest named "u_skins". It is reachable directly from your inventory. If you desire to add a skin you created, we will be happy to add it if you ask your demand on the "presentation topic of the server on the official Minetest forum" or on our IRC channel, or with a PM in-game/IRC.



Build on the server


You can build whatever you cant, where you want when you want !

Homewer, if we want to keep the server nicely_looking, if we want to keep it playable and without any kinds of conflicts, we would like you to :

- Not build 1x1 towers (you can build some but please destroy them quickly),
- Not destroy the ecosystem, please seed after you cut trees,
- Not make too much looping systems with "mesecons" and "pipeworks"
- Not usebug in house closed and protected by "aera" mod (you can still go in if it's opened, but be carreful for your life),
-Not destroy ways, public buildings (shops, lights, stations, arenas,...)



Land owner


The server uses the "area" mod and the "markers" mod, which permits to protect zones with simple and effective ways, with chat-commands or graphical interfaces.

Here is the tutorial for the ""area" mod commands"

For the "markers" mod "the topic available on the official Minetest forum will help you"

The limits of "area" mod are set to 1100m2 of total surface, and to 6 maximum zones of protect for each player.

A privilege can be asked to own illimited protection zones. To pretend to that privilege, you will need to prove your value has a builder !



Discussions and languages


The server is mostly french, but don't be afraid to talk if you talk another language ! For example, if english players come to discover the server/enhance their french level or contribuate to the github project, it's a really nice thing, and we'll have to help them ! :)

Obviously, no conduct like incitation to hate, insults or harassment will be tolered, and will be punished !

We will always allow you to express yourself about any thing (like Google/NSA for example). Do not deny yourself, but respect the others.



Unwanted actions


Damages are activated because the server allows PvP (Player versus Player). That allows you kill other players until you are OUT of the beginning zone. You don't need a special permission to kill other players. An arena is available for fair-play duels.

On this server, Rollback is activated and xban2 too. If a  plaint is given, we will find quickly who did it to ban him. Your liberty stops where begins the one of the others . :)
